Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's from Kuroi.
What should we do?
Kuroi...
Kuroi, she...
We should be prepared for
a worst-case senario.
Mr. Geto, you are faster.
Please go to Miss first.
I'm sorry, it was my negligence.
Really?
This isn't really
serious negligence, is it?
I underestimated
Miss Kuroi's value to the enemy.
The enemy
will probably demand
for a hostage exchange.
For example, to exchange
Amanai for Miss Kuroi,
or to threaten us that they will kill
Miss Kuroi if we don't kill Amanai.
But we have Amanai here, so we have
the upper hand in the negotiation.
If we could just decide on
the place to meet them,
we will find a way.
Amanai should be taken
straight to the high school,
and we'll have Shoko or
someone to be her double.
Wait.
I will go to the trading site.
I still don't trust you guys.
Huh?
You brat, this isn't the time for...
Even if you successfully rescue Kuroi,
if she can't come back before
I merge with Master Tengen...
I...
I haven't even said goodbye to her.
The kidnapper should contact us soon.
But if the enemy is smarter than expected,
and taking you with us would lower
Miss Kuroi's survival rate...
then we will go without you.
Alright,
that's fine.
Conversely,
even if you want to go back halfway
because you're scared, we won't care.
Be prepared.
- Here we are!
PROTECTING AMANAI DAY 2
OKINAWA
I didn't expect that I would be fooled by
a non-sorcerer of Star Religious Group...
It's so embarrassing.
It's understandable
since it was an ambush.
I'm also to blame.
Was it... really an ambush?
After the Q incident,
I have been on high alert...
Kuroi!
But I still can't remember
how I was attacked...
Anyway, you guys came by plane, right?
Was there any problem?
Did you meet any enemy...
Satoru has good eyes.
He checked the passengers and crews,
as well as the inside and
outside the plane before takeoff.
During the flight,
my cursed spirit was on guard outside.
It's safer than traveling by land.
What I want to know is,
why would they specify
Okinawa as the location.
Are they trying to buy time?
Even if they can't kill Miss Riko,
they want to make sure
we miss tomorrow's full moon.
If that's the case,
they would choose a remote area
where transportation is inconvenient.
They won't take over
the airport, will they?
Maybe, but it doesn't matter.
We are not the only ones who came here.
No matter how you look at it,
this isn't a mission for the first years.
I feel very excited!
I want to show Geto how good I am.
Moreover, the seniors are fighting hard
to protect a vulnerable girl.
How could we not work hard?
If a typhoon comes and the airport is
closed, all our efforts will be in vain.
THE HARDWORKING SENIOR
Sea cucumber!
Gross, it's so gross!
Is it really okay for us
to come sightseeing?
This is Satoru's suggestion.
He is also caring for Riko in his own way.
But we should be going now.
Satoru, it's time.
Already?
Suguru, let's go back tomorrow morning.
But...
The weather is stable, right?
Moreover...
Compared to Tokyo, here in Okinawa...
there are fewer curse users.
Can we talk seriously, Satoru?
It'd be better
if Amanai's bounty ends during our flight.
Look, a starfish.
Satoru,
you haven't dismantled
the Cursed Technique since yesterday.
And you haven't slept at all.
You don't plan to sleep tonight either.
Is it really okay that
we don't go back to the high school?
It's fine.
I felt more tired when
I played Momotetsu '99.
And...
you're here too.
Nanami,
I heard they are staying an extra day.
Did something happen?
TOKYO JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL
MUSHIROYAMA FOOTHILLS
PROTECTING AMANAI DAY 3, 15:00
Great job, everyone.
This place is inside the school's barrier.
Now we can rest assured.
Yes.
Satoru,
good job.
I'll never do babysitting
ever again.
Impossible.
This is...
inside the school's barrier!
Have I...
seen you somewhere before?
Don't mind it, because I'm the same.
I'm not good at remembering men's names.
I once went to see that Six-Eyed kid
born into the Gojo family
out of curiosity.
It was the first and last time
anyone notices
that I'm standing behind them.
It was the only time.
So I weakened your spirit,
until you became dull.
Satoru!
I'm okay.
I couldn't use a cursed technique in time,
but it didn't hit my vital organs.
I used cursed energy
to strengthen my body,
so that the blade
wouldn't hurt other parts.
It's just like a safety pin
going through a sweater.
I'm really okay.
Don't mind me and go protect Amanai.
Leave this guy to me.
You guys go to Master Tengen first.
Satoru...
Be careful.
Let's go.
Yes.
Who do you think you're talking to?
That's not the sword
he stabbed me with just now.
Where did that cursed spirit come from?
I can't figure him out, damn it.
The Star Plasma Vessel isn't here.
I was hoping to kill you with that.
Have my skills declined?
The bounty on Amana
has been withdrawn, you fool.
It was me who withdrew it, you bluffer.
To deal with a flawless guy like you,
I have to focus on pace and
set up a few false endpoints.
When the Star Religious Group
went to Okinawa, it made me laugh.
You didn't lose a single sorcerer
by your side, that really annoys me.
But if I hadn't set a time
limit for the bounty,
you wouldn't dismantle
until the very last moment probably.
Whatever.
So fast.
Not just fast.
There is something off about this guy.
He has absolutely no cursed energy.
This is a physical talent
of Heavenly Restriction.
People who understand
my technique wouldn't act recklessly.
Is that cursed tool your trump card?
I'm sorry, but I won't let
you get any closer to me.
Because he has no cursed energy,
I can't feel his presence.
I can only rely on intuition...
No there's a way.
That cursed spirit is on his body.
I just need to track that.
Anyway,
isn't he a bit too fast?
Cursed Technique Lapse.
Maximum output.
Blue.
Without cover,
he can't launch a surprise attack.
Did he hide in the forest?
Those are...
Fly Heads?!
Did he breed these inside
that cursed spirit's body?
Using the Fly Heads as chaff?
Now I can't locate him.
And he's created blind spots.
I'll cast Blue again...
No, wait.
His target is...
Amanai.
You're sharp enough to notice me
even with my hands empty.
And with the Six Eyes,
you can't possibly miss...
the heterogeneous cursed energy
seeping out of this cursed tool.
But you have finally...
started to defend with cursed techniques.
Special grade cursed tool,
Inverted Spear of Heaven.
Its effect is to forcibly
dismantle any ongoing spells.
I have gradually...
regained my touch.
Miss Riko,
this is where we separate.
Miss Riko, please...
Kuroi, I like you the most.
I always have, and I always will.
And I...
I like you the most too.
This is the place...
Yes.
This is where Master Tengen is.
This is the foundation of
major domestic barriers,
the main hall of Tombs of the Star.
After you descend the stairs
and pass through that gate,
walk to the roots of that big tree.
Unlike the barrier around the school,
there is a special barrier,
which only those invited can enter.
Master Tengen will protect you,
until the merge is complete.
Or,
you can also turn back,
and go home with Miss Kuroi.
When we heard about this
mission from our instructor,
he referred to merge as erase.
He meant we should feel guilty
about this mission.
Though our instructor is a meathead,
he often does things in a roundabout way.
Before meeting you,
Satoru and I had agreed.
What if the Star Plasma Vessel
refuses to merge?
Then...
just don't merge.
Is that okay?
We might have to fight
against Master Tengen.
Are you scared?
Don't worry, there will be a way.
We are the strongest.
No matter what choice you make,
we will secure your future.
Since I was born...
I've always been special,
and told that I'm different from others.
For me, this kind of special
is actually quite normal.
I avoid danger as much as possible,
living till now for this day.
I don't remember when my parents died,
nor do I feel sad or lonely anymore.
So I thought...
even if I have to separate from everyone
for the sake of the merge, it's okay.
No matter how painful it is,
My sadness and loneliness will be gone.
But...
I still...
want to spend more time with everyone.
I want to go to more places with them,
and see all kinds of scenery...
I want to...
Let's go back, Riko.
Riko?
Alright, good job.
You're dismissed.
Why are you here?
Why?
You mean that?
I killed Satoru Gojo.
Is that so?
Die.
Although everyone says,
it's never too late to take a new step,
the problem is often not when
to start, but when to stop.
Next episode, Hidden Inventory Part 4.
Please look forward to it... or maybe not.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today